

What springs from the drawing is such a scene : various ingredients  representing different culture element are cooking in the hot pot. Were it not for this "Cultural Hot Pot",we would omit the common phenomenon that a pattern of diverse and interactive world cultural exchanges has taken shape. At the bottom of the cartoon is the caption which reads"Cultural Hot Pot,tasty and nutritious"

Not until I see this caricature, do I realize the magnitude of cultural exchange, which can be interpreted by the three following aspects. Coincident with a period of Internet-based social networking is our lifetime,many individual, if not most, are becoming increasingly open and inclusive renders them a fundamental basis in the economic level of receiving and understanding more culture. Simultaneously, in light of the data published by the recent survey, 93% of folks, approximately, claim that they have the plan to know the culture which they never touched. Finally,Cultural exchange will equip us with abundant knowledge and long-term vision--two essential qualifications that anyone who yearns for success is bound to possess.

Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that cultural exchange is overwhelmingly crucial, which needs more action to be done. When intangible and tangible incentives are presented, Cultural exchange will be considered a priority. Let's get prepared and embrace the harmonious and inclusive society constructed by our joint efforts. 

当提出无形和有形的激励措施时，文化交流将被视为优先事项。让我们做好准备，拥抱我们共同构建的和谐、包容的社会。