What springs from the drawing, from left to right, is such a scene: Thirty years ago, when the daughter was still a child, the mother held her hand. Now, the grown daughter tightly holds the hand of her elderly mother. The footprints extending to the right represent the passage of time。At the bottom of the cartoon is the caption which reads"Hand to hand"

Common as it is at first glance, this picture is brimming with illumination after your serious pondering: individuals are bound to put value on 孝顺，which can be accounted for as follows.in light of the data published by the recent survey, a considerable proportion, of the younger generation, rarely return home throughout the year, or only do so to visit their parents during the Spring Festival. `Undoubtedly`, the undesirable general mood of society should shoulder the blame, such as gradual loss of sense of social responsibility，morality and conscience and its like.  simultaneously,the strain of modern life has exposed a Pandora's box of problems that individuals are becoming easier to care for parent in pursuit of career success and material wealth.

Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that 孝顺 is overwhelmingly crucial, which needs more action to be done. Enacting well-enforced regulations to curb inappropriate behavior in violation of public virtues should be high on the agenda of our government. Let's get prepared and embrace the harmonious and disciplined society constructed by our joint efforts.



nearly half, or 45%, of the younger generation,

the momentum of ethical optimizing becoming irresistible, gone are the days when people disregarded the duty of taking care of parents. 

The fundamental approach is to continue an extensive education on social morality