==双图==

<u>The above two pictures reveal two distinctly different</u> parenting methods of two father==(主题词)==，<u>In the first picture</u>, the father is urging his son to study hard while he is just relaxing himself, with his eyes fixed on the TV set. <u>In the second picture</u>, both the father and his son are concentrating on their study. At the bottom of the cartoon is the caption which reads" "It is better to set an example than `merely` make demands".

Common as it is at first glance, this picture is brimming with illumination after your serious pondering: individuals are bound to put value on  family education,which can be accounted for as follows. Initially，Coincident with a period of Internet-based social networking is our lifetime,many parents, if not most, are indulge in electronic products as well ,which renders neglect the adverse impact on their kids of their inappropriate actions. Simultaneously,as a saying goes that “Parents are their children’s first teachers” ,the parents,supposed to play a crucial role in setting a best example for their children,which is crucial for the growth of the child. 

Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that positive attitude  is overwhelmingly crucial, which needs more action to be done. Should parents cease to make unmeaning demand and instead lead by example, then family education will equip children with **profound wisdom and long-term vision**–two indispensable attributes for anyone who aspires to succeed. Let's get prepared and embrace the harmonious and disciplined family relationship constructed by our joint efforts. 

255
