<u>The above two pictures reveal two distinctly different</u> way of using books ，<u>In the first picture</u>,lounging on a chair is a young man who merely is  proud to have a vast collection of books, saying “What a significant of number of books I have! and showing no intention of reading any of them”   <u>In the second picture</u>, by contrast, the young man concentrating on reading,with his eyes fix on the book,murmuring “Strive to read 20 books this year”.


Common as it is at first glance, this picture is brimming with illumination after your serious pondering: individuals are bound to put value on  `down-to-earth reading`,which can be accounted for as follows. Initially，Coincident with a period of Internet-based social networking is our lifetime,many folks if not most, are become increase impatience ,which renders them do not value reading. Indeed,possessing books does not equal possessing knowledge. The true value of books lies in the understanding and insights we gain from reading and digesting their contents. Therefore,Should we engage in reading books, rather than merely storing them away, then reading will equip us with **profound wisdom and long-term vision**–two indispensable attributes for anyone who aspires to succeed.



Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that reading is overwhelmingly crucial, which needs more action to be done. When intangible and tangible incentives are presented, reading will be considered a priority. Let's get prepared and embrace the books —— the fountain of knowledge. 