## First

###  第一句

单图/双图：What springs from the drawing (,from left to right,) is such a scene : ` `

双图：Portrayed in the above drawing is/are` `  ；The ==above two== pictures reveal two distinctly different ` `

### 第二句

1) 可描述内容少
   …+虚拟语气Were ==it== not for this "` `",we ==would== omit the common ==phenomenon== that ==a pattern== of diverse and interactive world cultural exchanges ==has taken shape==.
2) 主语，非谓语，谓语宾语+定语从句
3) while doing(大环境)
4) 对比：while,==by== contrast

> disregard   lounging ==on==   concentrating on

> reply in a tone of encouragement
>
> with a happy expression on one's face
>
> with a worried look on his face
>
> with his eyes fixed on



### 第三句

1) At the bottom of the cartoon is the caption ==which== reads “` `”
2) 不好描述标题：What an enlightening cartoon it is!

## Second

### 连词 

in==i==tially simu==l==taneously undoubtedly last but not least there

### 第一句

+ Common as it is ==at== first glance, this picture ==is brimming with== illum==i==nation ==after== your serious pondering: individuals ==are bound to put value on== ` `, which can be account==ed ==for as follows. 
+ This drawing goes straight to the core problem of the current society: ` `

### 第二句

1. with the increasingly rapid economic development/Coincident with a period of Internet-based social networking ==is our lifetime==,

   many folks, if not most, 

   are indulge in electronic products as well ,which renders neglect the adverse impact  to the kids of their inappropriate acts.
   are confronted with challenges of ==unprecedented== magnitude, making it difficult to maintain composure. 

   are becoming increasingly ==profit==-oriented,disregarding the significance of other vital moral characters such as good habits

2. Should we put down our phones, then communication will endow(equip) us with **profound wisdo==m== and long-term ==vision==**–two indispens==a==ble attributes for anyone who aspires to ==succeed==.

3. the undesirable ==general mood of society==/tremendous social  ==academic pressure==  deserves   to take the blame, 

   such as gradual loss of sense of social responsibility，morality and conscience and its like. 

   , ==which makes individuals more vulnerable to be== overwhelmed by negative emotions

4. The local administrations,==supposed to== play a crucial role ==in== curbing these sorts of problems embodied in the drawing ,==fail to exercise== effective and strict ==supervision== over polluting behavior.

5. The ==momentum== of ==ethical optimizing== becoming ==irresistible==, gone ==are the days== when people disregarded the duty of taking care of parents. 

6. ` ` is a kind of ==emotional== strength, which can support us no matter how dark the situation ==around us becomes==.

7. 摆数字：in light of the data ==published by== the recent survey, 93% of folks, approximately, claim a considerable proportion, of the younger generation,

8. 举例：A proper example is Yuan Longping, a Chinese agricultur==al== scientist and educat==or==,whose success stems largely from his emphasis on...



>Undoubtedly
>
>rarely

## Third

Taking into account what has been argued, we can come to the conclusion that ` ` is overwhelmingly crucial, which needs more action to be done. 

### 第二句

1) Enacting well-enforced ==regulations== to curb ==inappropriate behavior in violation of public virtues== should be high on ==the== agenda of our government.
2) The ==fundamental== approach is to continue an extensive education ==on social morality==` `
4) So every efforts should be made to encourage people to step ==out of their==comfort zone==s==, and cultivate good habits to overcome hardships. 



Let's get prepared to make contributions to the development of our country.

Only in this way can our society welcome a bright future



  













